My name is Danny McNamara.
When I left the FBI, I thought
my crime-fighting days were over,
but then I learned that
terrorist Karim Farouk
was on the hunt for Cleopatra,
one of the world's most
valuable treasures,
lost for over 2,000 years,
to use her as part of a
massive terror attack.
To find him, I needed some help,
so I went to Lexi Vaziri, a thief.
LEXI: Excuse me, a master thief.
And my father was killed by Farouk.
DANNY: Lexi and I have
a complicated past.
LEXI: He wants to bring Farouk
to justice, I want revenge.
DANNY: Also, there's a mysterious group
who want Cleopatra as much as we do.
LEXI: We're not sure
whether they're good or bad,
but the one thing we all agree on...
DANNY: Is that we need
to find Cleopatra...
[TIRES SCREECHING]
LEXI: Before Farouk does.
Previously on Blood & Treasure...
I am Captain Bruno
Fabi of the Carabinieri
Art and Antiquities Crimes.
Fabi, if the American and the girl
get in our way... it will be up to you
to deal with them both.
DANNY: You think Farouk has
a mole inside Egyptian Intelligence?
Yes.
Masood was not the mole in Egypt.
There's only one option left.
Not exactly where you'd expect to find
the last queen of Egypt.
DANNY: It's a freight elevator.
Cleopatra was here.
In the photo, this was the
top of her sarcophagus.
Must have been hard to travel with.
So in the rush to get out,
they just pried it off and left it.
- LEXI: Danny!
- [YELLS]
- Hold o...
- [TASER BUZZES]
DANNY: Lexi!
[YELLS]
_
[GRUNTING]
[DOOR OPENS]
REECE: You're lucky I
was in the neighborhood.
Jay?
Hang on, Danny.
[REECE AND DANNY GRUNTING]
- Danny, come on. Got it?
- Yeah.
Good. All right, good.
- How did you find me?
- I called Ana.
She said you had a lead on Cleopatra,
Farouk had the same intel.
Tried to call you.
I couldn't get you on the
phone... that made me itchy.
I tracked your phone to here,
jumped on the jet.
Yeah, my phone's been dead for hours.
Yeah, well, luckily dead
doesn't mean untraceable.
At least to my pal in Silicon Valley.
By the way, if that ever comes up
in a congressional
hearing, I never said it.
What happened here?
Farouk.
We were this close.
Lexi and I, we got separated.
My car's gone.
REECE: What? What are you saying?
- That Farouk took Lexi?
- No.
- No, he'd already taken off.
- So she went after him.
No, she wouldn't have
just left me down there.
Yeah? You know what? You
were down there long enough
for us to get here
all the way from Rome.
I'm just saying.
She probably went for help.
Yeah, what-whatever it
is, I'm sure that she can
take care of herself.
You and I have to go.
Jay. We can't just leave
without her. And besides...
There is a lot of treasure down there.
Like, Scrooge McDuck a lot.
Okay, we need a whole team
to inventory all this.
All right, that's fine. I'm
friends with the vice chancellor.
I will make arrangements.
In the meantime,
the security team can stay here.
Guys, watch the stuff.
- MEN: Yes, sir.
- You and I have to get to Rome.
- What's the rush?
- I'm working on a deal
to repatriate the Egyptian
relics that you rescued
from the free port.
A lot of moving parts,
three countries involved,
UNESCO, but I will make it happen
and you will be hero of the hour.
You can be the hero.
I just want to find Lexi.
- Synced and corrected by medvidecek007 -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWS]
_
[MEN SPEAKING GERMAN]
Stay here with Cleopatra.
[STEAM HISSING]
Heinz.
Yes, Colonel Steiner.
Have your men decouple
all but the car containing Cleopatra.
We need to move faster.
We must meet the boat
in Spain by morning.
You, stationmaster.
We need water and coal.
HEINZ: These are regular army. Not SS.
What are they doing here?
Sieg heil.
I have new orders
signed by Brigadeführer Von Hirschmann.
Surrender your cargo for
immediate transfer to Berlin.
[PAPER RUSTLES]
I will instruct my men.
We have new orders.
Signed by Von Hirschmann himself.
How soon can the train move?
- Immediately.
- Good.
Von Hirschmann was
assassinated 24 hours ago.
The report was encrypted.
SS only.
These men are imposters after Cleopatra.
Perhaps this Brotherhood
we were warned about.
Projekt Athena is the
future of the Reich.
And you are in command
now, Leutnant Heinz.
Start the train!
[TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWS]
[GUNFIRE CONTINUES]
[INDISTINCT SHOUTING]
[SHOUTS]
[GUNFIRE CONTINUES]
_
[SIGHS]
Who are you?
What'd you find?
What?
In the depot.
What did you find?
Fabi.
Is that you?
Oh, for God's sake.
Fabi, I'm a thief.
Give me some credit for
being able to spot a person
in the darkness by their shape.
What did you find down there?
Uncuff me and I'll tell you.
We aren't negotiating.
Shoot me and I can't talk at all.
You can,
if I shoot you in the knee.
And your thieving days are over.
We found the top of
Cleopatra's sarcophagus,
a golden leopard.
Where was the rest of it?
Taken by the Nazis, presumably.
Where's Danny?
He is...
Not our concern.
So you left him to die?
Jacob Reece is en route to his location.
[SIGHS]
You guys,
you must have people
embedded in government
and intel agencies all over the world.
"You guys"?
Brotherhood of Serapis.
[LAUGHS]
Who said anything about
the Brotherhood of Serapis?
[CHUCKLES]
You're not lurking down
here in a ski mask,
working for the Carabinieri.
And I don't imagine there's more
than one Cleopatra-worshipping
secret society running around Europe.
Who I work for is not the question.
You know what, you're right.
I don't actually care.
[GRUNTING]
[EXHALES]
What is this place?
You and McNamara
have very different ideas
of what justice means.
- For him, it is a courtroom.
- [EXHALES]
For you, a bullet.
We'll work it out.
You've encountered Farouk
twice, and he still lives.
Join me, Lexi, and the
next time we will end this.
When I find Farouk,
I'll finish him myself.
I don't need the Brotherhood's help.
And if your goons ever
come near me again,
I'll tell the Carabinieri and Interpol
all about you and your secret lair.
You won't do that.
And why won't I?
If we are who you say we are,
how have we managed
to operate in secrecy
for thousands of years?
How many lives must we have taken
in the name of keeping our secrets?
Is that a threat?
Farouk has a mole in
the Egyptian government.
Asim Masood told Danny he suspected
there was a mole in G.I.D.
And we have confirmed it to be
a man by the name of Sharif Ghazal.
Former spy.
Sharif Ghazal?
He now has a post at
the Egyptian Ministry
of State for Antiquities as a cover.
If our intelligence serves,
Ghazal has a file in his safe
which can only be opened
by his own fingerprint.
What's in the file?
Farouk's network.
Safe houses, bank
accounts, correspondence.
With that information, we will hunt
down Farouk and we will kill him.
And you can be a part of it.
So you're telling me that
you and your culty friends
don't have anyone who can pull off
a moderately difficult heist?
We need more than just your talent.
We need your access to Jacob Reece.
He's working with the Swiss to turn over
the antiquities looted
from the Great Pyramid
to the Egyptian government.
There will be a reception in Geneva,
and Ghazal will be
receiving the treasure
on behalf of the Ministry
of State for Antiquities.
This will give us the best
access we will have to him.
I can't do this without Danny,
and he's definitely gonna want
to know who we're working for and why.
And if you tell him,
you will both be dead,
and Karim Farouk will be alive.
Then how will I get Danny to help me?
You're a criminal.
Lie.
_
GWEN: Captain Fabi.
I've been calling you for hours.
Where have you been?
Is now a good time for
your daily reminder
that you are a guest in my jurisdiction?
You know, Danny had a run-in
with Farouk. He got away.
Lexi is missing, and I
already filed the report.
Well, thanks for the update.
By the way, I've been looking
for the medallion of the
Brotherhood of Serapis,
the one you recovered from
Dr. Castillo after the attack.
It's missing.
I put it into evidence myself.
Yeah, I know.
Now it's gone.
I will go to the evidence lockup
and look for the medallion.
The situation will be remedied at once.
_
DANNY: Dr. Castillo,
I'm worried about Lexi.
CASTILLO: So am I.
There are unsolved murders
attached to the efforts
to recover Cleopatra's sarcophagus,
dating back to the
Knights Templar incursions
into the Fatimid Empire.
[INHALES]
- Are you all right, Danny?
- Hmm?
Are you sure you want
to do this right now?
Yeah, actually, I could
use having something to put my mind on.
So, you think the Brotherhood of Serapis
was involved in all of these deaths?
I didn't say "deaths," I said "murders."
1155, The Chronicles of
Aramis of Ath, Knight Templar.
His cartographer was
poisoned with snake venom.
1799, Alain DuMont...
All of his translators
were stabbed to death.
Are you saying you think
the Brotherhood took Lexi?
I don't know, Danny. I don't know.
But what I do know is that,
before the pyramid attack,
the world was a simpler place.
Now people are dying
and I'm just starting to
think that maybe trying
to find Cleopatra is all a mistake.
Yes.
[SPEAKING GERMAN]
Uh, yeah. Auf Wiedersehen.
That was the projects curator
at the Berlin Railway Museum.
And he's gonna be
sending us, and us alone,
the only existing copy
of the track logs from the Sauber Depot
dating back all the way
to the Allied bombings.
Now, you said the sarcophagus
was taken by train from there.
This could be the key
to finding Cleopatra.
And why is this curator sending us,
and us alone, these transit logs?
Turns out they just
acquired a vintage engine
from the Anatolian Railway,
and they happen to need
a new wing in which to house it.
- You bribed them?
- They need a new building.
We need the logs so we can find
Cleopatra before Farouk does.
DANNY: All right. I'm gonna get going.
Let me know the moment you
hear anything about Lexi.
[DOOR OPENS]
[EXHALES]
Lexi?
I have to say, Daniel,
this really hurts.
I've been lost, and
you're here luxuriating.
When did you...?
Hey. Eyes up here.
I'm not "luxuriating."
I've been worried sick about you.
I must have missed your tears
under the hot, soothing water.
[SIGHS]
I thought you were kidnapped.
Dear God, I wish.
Much less walking involved.
I hiked for hours trying to find help.
When I got there, you were gone,
the place was crawling with police,
so I hopped a train to skip town.
Second class, which is
like being kidnapped.
Come on, you really think
I just left you down there?
What? N... No, I...
After everything we've been through?
I mean, maybe a few weeks
ago, but we've shared strudel.
Reece got in my head
about it, but I trust you.
Yeah, the bond of
strudel can't be broken.
I'm glad you're back.
Speaking of Reece, I heard he's hosting
some fancy diplomatic party in Geneva.
Yeah. He invited me,
but I'm gonna stay here
and focus on Farouk.
- Oh...
- Why?
You want to go?
Diplomats in a banking capital
is not exactly your scene.
I just thought,
you know, we nearly died several
times in the past couple weeks.
[LAUGHS]: I could
really use an open bar.
Sure, yeah. You can be my plus-one.
Great. Wonderful.
Get dressed, we're going shopping.
Is that Reece's credit card?
How did you...? Less talk, more pants.
_
TAJ: It's not a question of when.
We are out of choices here.
What's going on?
The loss of the relics from
Cleopatra's tomb was a setback.
We left millions behind
at the free port.
We cannot finance any of our operations.
But we're about to begin the excavation.
It will have to wait.
The heavy equipment, the diggers,
we can't afford any of it.
But we've almost found her.
We have a potential
location for Cleopatra.
We're ahead of our competitors.
We're not gonna stop now.
We could sell the one relic we have,
the sarcophagus of Antony.
No, the plan requires them both.
Soon we will have all the money we need.
How?
By selling the antiquities
from Cleopatra's tomb.
I already have a buyer with all
the money necessary to
continue operations.
They are so busy congratulating
themselves with this ceremony,
they'll never see us coming.
- _
- REECE: Today is a tribute
to the power of cooperation
between nations.
The cowardly attack on the Great Pyramid
has united the world in outrage.
And while we work to bring
the perpetrators to justice,
the least we can do
is to give back to Egypt what is theirs.
Minister Ghazal,
I am honored to join
the Swiss, Italian, UNESCO,
and Egyptian efforts
to return these relics
to their homeland.
[APPLAUSE]
Mr. Ghazal, let me introduce
you to some of the people
responsible for finding the relics.
- [GASPS, LAUGHS]
- This is, uh...
Danny McNamara. Yes?
Yes, it's him. [LAUGHS]
Mr. Reece has told me so much about you
and your role in retrieving
our national treasures.
Well...
- [EXCLAIMS]
- Ah, okay. Okay.
- That's, uh...
- [CHUCKLES]
... very intense.
- Thank you.
- I can't wait
to hear your tales of adventure.
My country owes you a great debt.
Well, I wasn't alone.
Right, Lex... Lexi?
Casing the joint?
Why does everyone always
assume I'm up to no good?
Well, because you were
implicated in over a dozen
high-line larcenies,
confidence tricks, and frauds.
"Implicated" doesn't
always mean "convicted."
Hmm. Should've been an attorney.
What I should've been is
born into a wealthy family.
That's right. I'm the
luckiest man in the world.
That's why I try to give
back whenever I can,
and why I do what I can to help
those close to me, like Danny.
I don't think Danny needs you
or anyone else to protect him.
I don't know.
I was there, you know,
the first time you played
stickball with his guts.
Can't say I liked the sight of that.
[LAUGHS]: Stickball.
How street of you.
I can mix it up when I have to.
- We have that in common.
- That's what I'm afraid of.
[CHUCKLES]: Oh, Jay.
I'm not as bad as you've heard.
Maybe you're worse.
Well, I'm proud of my
country's heritage.
This is breathtaking.
I've never seen a canopic jar
with that kind of foil work.
Even if it didn't belong to
Cleopatra's tomb, it'd be priceless.
And that piece,
there, magnificent.
GHAZAL: Drinks for
my friends. [CHUCKLES]
Sambuca?
Sambuca.
- Ah... more sambuca.
- Ooh.
[EXHALES] I find that it is an excellent
palate cleanser between
shots of whiskey.
[LAUGHS]
- Drink up!
- [LAUGHS SOFTLY]
- Mm.
- [CLEARS THROAT]
Now, tell me, is it true
that you had to spend
an entire night in a sarcophagus?
- Well... no.
- Ah...?
Danny and his partners
found themselves locked in
the free port vault during the fire,
- and they had to find refuge.
- GHAZAL: Ah.
GWEN: The only place
to hide, unfortunately,
was a 2,000-year-old sarcophagus,
which they had to pry open by hand.
I wouldn't worry. None of the
relics were damaged in any way.
Danny.
If you come back to Egypt,
you will receive a welcome
that will rival the pharaohs.
- Huh?
- Yeah.
[GHAZAL AND DANNY LAUGH]
Goodbye, my friend.
I think he had, like, seven
shots since we got to the bar.
Maybe he's from Finland. [SNORTS]
That was a joke.
About Finland. It's
a national stereotype
that they drink a little bit too much.
What? Oh, okay.
I think I'm drunk myself.
What are you doing, Lexi?
[CLICKING]
♪
Five, four, three...
Go, go, go.
- Yalla.
- Hurry up, hurry up.
Go, go!
[GRUNTING]
[MEN SHOUTING IN ARABIC]
They're coming on both sides!
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
♪
[INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER]
Ugh, God.
GWEN: The Swiss have sealed this off.
- You shouldn't be here.
- Well, these are my men, my security.
- Are they all...?
- There was a firefight.
- Your men died protecting the relics.
- The relics?
They're still in the truck?
How many of Farouk's men were killed?
We don't know that this is Farouk.
It's him.
There were two bodies
that weren't part of
the security detail.
He only lost two men and
left without the relics?
Not a chance.
It's fine.
Did they collect the spent shells?
From the guards near the truck,
were the shells from their
machine guns taken into evidence?
Not yet. The coroners are
just removing the bodies.
I need to see Cleopatra's crown.
- It's a fake.
- The jewels.
What about them?
LEXI: Shaw stripped the gems
off the crown at the free port.
They were recovered in a Moldavian
precious stone exchange but
never replaced on the crown.
Farouk never knew that.
He wanted us to think he failed,
so they dragged the bodies of the guards
near the armored truck to make us think
they died fighting him off.
Get us looking the other way,
while they sell the
originals for top dollar.
I need to, um,
speak to these two for a moment, please.
We need to get the relics
out of here discreetly,
bring them to the airport for
transport to Egypt immediately.
- Jay, we-we can't...
- No, listen to me, listen to me.
If the Egyptians think that my
men and-and the Swiss police
died protecting their national honor,
then the world thanks us and
we're all comrades in loss,
but if we tell them that
we lost their treasure
just after giving it back to them,
not only will we trigger
an international incident
that will set back East-West
relations for decades,
we'll also be telling the world
that Farouk beat us again.
- So we lie?
- No.
We bide our time until we
have the son of a bitch.
And then we tell the truth?
Then we return the real relics,
and no one's the wiser.
No, listen, I don't like it any more
than you do, Danny, but there are...
Bigger issues at stake right now.
Listen, guys, I want you
to put the boxes in the car.
Yes, sir.
Come on, come on, let's go.
[SIREN WAILING IN DISTANCE]
MAN: Un pacco per Lexi Vaziri.
DANNY: Grazie.
Prego.
Since when do you get packages here?
Since my ex and his
fiancé came back to Rome,
my living situation's in flux.
This is from a 3-D printing store.
- Uh...
- Yeah, it's personal.
Lady business. What?
You know, I spent the entire
flight back from Switzerland
trying to figure out what you were
doing with that powder at the reception.
Then I saw the flash
from your phone camera...
UV light. Hmm?
This is starting to sound
like an interrogation.
Do I need my lawyer?
I am your lawyer. What's in the box?
Lexi, do you want me to
trust you or not? What?
Fingerprint?
I've been developing a lead.
You brought me in
because I have contacts,
and you don't want to get your
hands dirty dealing with them.
Also, I didn't even know
if I could get the print,
and without the print,
the lead's useless.
I didn't want to get your hopes up.
Get my hopes up?
Ooh, you're gonna be
party to shady things.
Do you want to be party to shady things?
[INHALES]
Fine. The mole in Egyptian intelligence?
Sharif Ghazal.
- No way.
- Oh, yes.
Who told you that?
For your protection and for my own,
I can't tell you, but it's solid.
Then we have to tell Gwen.
If he had anything to do
with what happened tonight...
Danny, red light.
My people told me that Ghazal
has a file in his office safe
that details Farouk's operation.
We rat him out, he destroys
the file, disappears,
and we've just thrown
away our only shot.
But... if I can scan the contents
of that file without him ever knowing...
You needed Ghazal's
fingerprint to open the safe.
So you took the photo image,
3-D printed it onto a latex sleeve,
and then delivered it
to a priest's apartment,
- thereby implicating him...
- Whoa.
In your plans to break
into Ghazal's office.
Do I have that right?
[SCOFFS] That's something
a criminal would do.
A criminal with access to a
3-D precision printing service
that works overnight, takes Bitcoin,
and doesn't ask any questions,
thereby implicating no one.
You need to stop asking questions
you don't really want
to know the answers to.
Ghazal's office is in
the Ministry of State for Antiquities.
The place locks down
like Fort Knox at night.
But a criminally-minded
individual could sneak in
during the day when the place is open,
and there's plenty of
people around for cover.
Wait. Wh-What's happening right now?
Especially if that criminal knew
when Ghazal was gonna
be out of his office
for an extended period of time.
Funny story on a completely
unrelated matter,
Ghazal told me that if I
were to show up in Cairo,
I would receive a welcome
to rival that of the pharaohs.
Listen,
if this goes bad, Egyptian
intelligence is no joke.
We said we'd bring down Farouk together.
So if this helps, I trust you.
No matter how shady your friends are.
[SIGHS] All right.
Let's do it.
Okay. One thing, though.
If it turns out that Ghazal
is a mole for Farouk,
we're turning him in.
There he is.
There's the Danny McNamara I know.
Yeah.
Hey, Jay.
Is your jet available?
♪
_
Danny, Ghazal's on his way to you.
Copy that.
♪
Going in.
[GRUNTS]
[BOTH SPEAK ARABIC]
♪
[SIGHS]
[CART ROLLING, SQUEAKING]
- [THUMP]
- [BODY THUDS]
Minister Ghazal.
Thank you so much for meeting me.
Mr. McNamara.
Bit lavish for a lunch, don't you think?
Well, you were so kind
to meet me on short notice,
- I wanted to make it worth your while.
- Yeah.
Are you here for Mr. Reece?
No, no. Just came to see my new friend.
You said you had some
information for me.
What-what is it?
Yeah, yeah, please, come...
come have a seat.
This better be worth my time.
[ELECTRONIC SQUEAL]
Okay, Danny,
you'd better make that lunch last.
He's a happy drunk.
Get some wine in him.
[SIGHS]: Well... we better
look at this wine list,
see if we can make your day
a little less stressful.
I must have given you the
wrong impression in Geneva.
I allow myself, uh...
An indulgence when I am abroad.
But when I am at home,
I must portray strength and temperance.
[CLICKING]
I assumed, when you called me,
that it was an emergency,
or that you had
some important new business
to transact with me.
But... you seemed so
compelled by my tale
[CHUCKLES]: of recovering the artifacts.
Was there something you neglected
to tell me in Geneva
about that story that...
Required interrupting my day?
Uh... [CLEARS THROAT]
Ma'am, I think we'll order now.
LEXI: Listen, when a waiter
comes, order the fattah.
It's hard to prepare,
takes a while to eat.
So, are-are you serving the fattah?
_
[CLEARS THROAT SOFTLY]
I am exceptionally busy.
If you are here for the free alcohol
and for the fattah,
then please be my guest.
[OVER RADIO]: Gorge yourself.
Send the bill to my office.
Oh, my God.
- What? What is it?
- What?
Danny.
Do not let him leave.
Stall. I need more time.
I-I-I am... I'm so sorry
if I've offended you.
It was entirely unintentional.
Let me give you some
advice, Danny McNamara.
[SIGHS]
The key to preserving the
favor of a powerful man
is never to impose on it.
Good day.
Sit down.
Now.
- What?
- You heard me.
Sit your ass down.
I beg your pardon!
There was an attack on the convoy
carrying the relics out of Geneva.
Men are dead.
Good men who gave their lives
to protect your nation's birthright.
Someone tipped Farouk off
to the convoy's route.
You're looking pretty good
for the prime suspect.
Ha!
- Preposterous!
- Is it?
- Yes.
- I'll gladly pass
my concerns up the chain, and...
You can explain yourself to
a rendition team in a black site.
Perhaps... [CLEARS THROAT]
We should have
a look at the wine list, huh?
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
Hey. Mission accomplished?
He had the bloody Library
of Congress in there.
- Well, I tried to make lunch last.
- Yeah, I heard.
That part when you went,
"Sit down, shut up, Minister."
Sexy.
Yeah?
I was able to scan about half
of what was in the safe.
Let's hope it was the
incriminating half.
Yeah, sounded like you found
something unexpected in there.
What was it?
It was a letter.
From Farouk... to my father.
What?
Thanking him for their long
and fruitful friendship.
It was before we started
working together.
It implies my dad helped
fund his terror operation.
No, how-how is that possible?
We introduced them.
Duck!
[GRUNTING]
We have it!
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[TIRES SQUEAL]
It was them.
It was Serapis.
And they took the file!
_
DANNY: Look, it was
the Brotherhood of Serapis.
The guy was wearing this medallion.
Okay, so how did they
know where to find you?
My source went dark.
I think someone got to him,
and that's how they got to us.
Would you like to tell
us who your source is?
Not unless you want to be complicit
in a criminal conspiracy.
DANNY: Okay, we have to assume
that Serapis was onto
us from the beginning
and they know everything about us.
Yes, well, you know what they say:
Just because you're paranoid doesn't
mean they're not out to get you.
Last night there was a break-in
at the Berlin Railway Museum.
Two people were shot,
including the curator.
The thieves took only one item.
The railway logs for the Sauber Depot.
Those can't be the only traces the
Nazis left behind. We have work to do.
No, Danny, you've just been attacked.
You need to take a step back.
I'm not letting these
murderers get Cleopatra.
All right. Then good luck to you all.
REECE: Wait a minute, Ana,
- where are you going?
- Dr. Castillo,
- we-we need you.
- No, no, no, no, no.
You were beaten. You were shot at.
Your security detail was murdered.
My team at the pyramid.
Now these innocent men in Berlin.
How many more people need to die?
Farouk plans to kill a lot more people.
Please don't talk to me about Farouk.
It may have started with
him, but now it's about your,
your, your, all of your obsession.
Cleopatra has been missing
for millennia... maybe she
wasn't meant to be found.
Maybe that's why everybody
who touches her dies.
I have been asked to join a
dig in the Tiraju Fortress
of the Northern Sinai, and I...
Am going to say yes.
And I'm gonna make damn sure
that what we dig in
Egypt stays in Egypt.
No, Ana, don't be ridiculous.
We are so close.
You can't quit now.
Watch me.
Let me talk to her.
I know we are doing the right thing.
Unless you're having
second thoughts, too.
Grazie.
Ooh!
[SPEAKING ITALIAN]
Was that you in Berlin?
I know nothing about Berlin.
But you know about Cairo.
You didn't really think we'd
let you keep the file, did you?
You people.
You people stole my phone.
I have a new one for you. There.
Oh, please.
Mine was much nicer than this.
It's untraceable, sturdy,
and only I know the number.
- [SPEAKS ITALIAN]
- Keep it.
I don't work with people
who try to kill me.
We figured you would need
something to give you cover.
After all, you brought
your boyfriend along.
Not my boyfriend.
Doesn't matter.
You never should have involved him.
Well, it won't be a
problem again, will it?
Ciao.
Are you not at all curious
about what you found?
In the Farouk file.
What we have is...
Good intel.
Of course, it will take
some time to process, but...
But I assure you it will lead
us right to Farouk's door.
If you want to be there
when that moment comes...
... choices will have to be made.
I'm not in your little club.
You don't control me.
No, but Danny McNamara does.
You care for him, and he weakens you.
[SIGHS]
I see potential for something
great in you, Lexi.
It's never too late
to choose a new life,
a new destiny.
I don't want a new destiny.
All I care about is getting Farouk.
Well, then you still have
to trust me over Danny.
I'll be calling soon.
I want my old phone back.
- Synced and corrected by medvidecek007 -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org